ENH : add support for landmarks as dict in write_anat and kind param … (#955)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

- Add support for CNT (Neuroscan) files in :func:`mne_bids.write_raw_bids`, by `Yorguin Mantilla`_ (:gh:`924`)

> - Add the ability to write multiple landmarks with :func:`mne_bids.write_anat` (e.g. to have different landmarks per session) by `Alexandre Gramfort`_ (:gh:`955`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the ability to write multiple landmarks with :func:`mne_bids.write_anat` (e.g. to have separate landmarks for different sessions) by `Alexandre Gramfort`_ (:gh:`955`)
```
